The personal committee of the governing body is privileged to care for the needs of numerous
willing servants of Jehovah God, who say, as did Isaiah, here I am, send me.
These include the thousands of brothers and sisters working hard, full time, at Bethel's
around the world, supporting the commission to give a witness to all the nations.
Today, Bethel work assignments often extend beyond the walls of the main Bethel facilities.
The vital work that is accomplished in such Bethel facilities is greatly appreciated.
However, in this presentation, we'd like to focus on the wonderful work our remote volunteers
are doing to further kingdom interests.
To whom does the term remote volunteer apply?
Remote volunteers are exemplary, baptized publishers and regular pioneers who regularly
are assigned to collaborate with the branch office or world headquarters remotely, right
from their homes.
Many of them also have secular jobs.
More than 3,000 of these volunteers work each week in behalf of 42 departments, such
as art, computer and purchasing.
And although there are only 90 branches, there are hundreds of additional remote locations
where Bethel work is taking place.
This arrangement for remote workers makes wise use of donated funds and it allows various
departments to adapt quickly to changing needs.
In this report from Korea, you'll see an example of how remote volunteers are contributing
to the kingdom work.
To get the feeling that I'm working with Bethel, even though I'm working at home, I wake
up extra early and consider the daily text and read a chapter of the Bible with my wife.
I dress as if I'm going out in field service and start the day off with words of prayer
to maintain the feeling that this work is also a form of sacred service.
I do Bethel work on Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays.
When I finish my Bethel work for the day or on days I don't work for Bethel, I spend time
in the ministry, do personal study or take care of personal matters.
The branch office has equipped me with the same system and tools that are used in Bethel.
So even though I live quite far from the branch, it feels like I'm right there in Bethel.
I can also communicate with the brothers in the branch whenever I need to.
So I can work with the same sense of commitment and joy as if I'm working in Bethel.
With the recent adjustments in the arrangement for Kingdom All Construction, the branch office
is now responsible for the procurement and supply of all the construction materials
for projects across the country.
This seemed like a daunting task, since we only have a few in our department.
Headquarters encouraged us to use remote workers to care for this need.
So we were very happy to have brothers experienced and handling business matters and construction
materials to help with the work.
I do remote volunteer work for the purchasing department in Bethel, and my job mostly involves
purchasing building materials for LDC construction sites.
I use three hours a day from 9 a.m. to noon to do my Bethel work and from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.
I do my secular work to support my family and myself.
Although we work alone from a remote location, the brothers are well aware of the difficulties
we face.
And so they provide us with various guidelines and even provide encouraging spiritual talks
so that all of us, whether we work inside or outside of Bethel, can maintain good spiritual
health.
We are really thankful for these arrangements because they remind us that Jehovah has
a keen interest in us and appreciates the work being done by remote volunteers.
I serve as a remote volunteer for the LDC office.
I help design the signs for arching them halls.
The LDC office sends photographs of construction sites and blueprints through a dedicated network.
I carefully consider what type of sign to install, its placement, its size, and then I send
the final design back to the LDC office.
In the 10 years of running a design business after I got baptized, my wife and I never
imagined that we could use our talents for Jehovah's organization so we left everything
behind and focused fully on pioneering.
We were surprised to learn that our talents can be used for Jehovah.
We thank Jehovah for using us and doing his work.
It's such a great joy and privilege for us.
My work assignment involves translating documents for the LDC and service departments.
Some of the documents that I translate include letters, forms, outlines, guidelines, and
contents for our website.
After my Bethel work is finished for the day, I try to share in the provision for evening
witnessing.
Going out and field service helps me to realize the value and importance of the Bethel work
that I'm involved in.
And this gives me the strength to carry on in this type of service.
I work as a remote volunteer for the audio video department in the Korea branch.
I assist with the translation work for JW Broadcasting.
As a husband and a father, taking care of the needs of my family is my first priority.
But I don't feel like I'm doing this alone.
As long as we don't sacrifice the needs of our family, I feel like my wife and my
daughter are all taking part in the spiritual work together.
Since Jehovah has allowed me to take part in this work, I'm confident that he will make
things work even when I come across situations that are beyond my control.
And every day, I experience how Jehovah is supporting me.
Participating in this work has helped me to realize that there are many avenues of service
open to sisters.
Serving as a remote volunteer is a great way to give our best to Jehovah while living
in this time of the end.
I would encourage anyone to make themselves available for this avenue of service.
We warmly thank all those who are volunteering in this way.